---
layout: post
title: Colorcode 2019
---

Personally, I believe in surrounding myself with people who do something good and/or are experts in what they do and/or are just good human beings. This way, the bar I set for myself with what I do and how I do it, is gradually coming up. And that's what happened last Friday.

For the second time in a row, I was asked to do a workshop at ColorInTech's event - ColorCode. For those who doesn't know what that is - ColorInTech is a nonprofit that tries to make the tech industry more diverse and inclusive (which is a thing that I agree with more than anything). ColorCode is one of their programs, which is basically a day (or two) of workshops, presentations and awesome things aimed at the young professionals to show them what's available for them in tech.

This year, I came up with an idea to do a Hack-Into-Something-kinda workshop. So, we hacked our way into [hackthebox](hackthebox.eu) (which is an amazing service, check it out!) - we literally hacked our way, because the whole trick with htb is to get an access code in order to hack more things. And we also DDOS'ed the service for a second...

Without getting into too much details, I have to say, it was one of the nicest events I had an honour to be a part of - big **High-5** to **Ashleigh**, **Millie** and **Dion** for making the event so smooth, **H5's** to every and each volunteer, who helped with the event; **H5's** to **Google**, **Facebook** and **EA Games** for having amazign stands with amazing tech. And most important - **BIG HIGH-FIVES** to all students for willing to learn a new thing and maybe, just maybe, finding their way in the tech world.

If you want to go through the workshop yourself - go [here](https://github.com/youshy/talks/tree/master/colorcode-2019)

If you need to ask me any questions - *@arturkondas* on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/arturkondas)

See you @ ColorCode20!
